[Workers for Platforms] Update note for unsupported outbound workers use cases (#10274)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/outbound-workers.md

{{<Aside type ="note">}}

> Outbound Workers do not intercept fetch requests made from Durable Objects or mTLS certificate bindings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outbound Workers do not intercept fetch requests made from [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/) or [mTLS certificate bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/mtls/). 
```

> Outbound Workers do not intercept fetch requests made from [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/) or [mTLS certificate bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/mtls/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outbound Workers do not intercept fetch requests made from [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/) or [mTLS certificate bindings](/workers/configuration/bindings/#mtls-certificate-bindings). 
```
